Lego zombie attack part 2 under hey
they're still on down to come I think
they can get it hey I filled it okay
yeah the clean dollars on this out and
all the dead people Kamal Dogra sh 0 to
the things turn out a Squatch is just 5
miles on this one well not a fool I'm
gonna time we're getting closer you just
feel otherwise if you can get three more
now they're getting closer if you're
shooting okay okay I got it for me gosh
you're gonna kill ya oh ok oh hey guys
um two guys you did on hold on me live
it out alive and I mean look you can
probably see that you do this right
beside me but anyway oh yeah so I'm bold
now I think I have a grilled cheese
sandwich right little man a month take a
nap tomato soup oh wait was it river oh
yeah a zombie over lunch at bagging a
sir ok I'm back a bitch oh gosh I'm
sorry rings oh gosh yeah or just
appeared out of nowhere all right
okay the commander's almost off he's uh
yeah he's on the stuff you just got off
okay keep running keep running into safe
laundry though we get a poker night
tonight yeah I'm gonna go okay but
really only two left those guys with at
lunch hour right now just made simple
today the flat Brown of everyone so much
for poker oh wait Thomas yeah it's not
exciting but I think you should run okay
hey there you go okay I you should one
oh man I gotta get out of here room hey
what's behind each other oh god it's a
shame zombie hey where'd everybody go
good happen ok uncle stay with a pipe
over oh maybe not maybe I better run I
don't know what a while shooting fish I
don't know how is it filled they're
already on them something behind and
above it ah ok guys keep shootin up
because your mom the same yeah we're
still running for easy Phil oh ok here
we go Thank You shitty I almost got them
it'll just there's just about four more
reema yeah others too oh god just kill
them soon Oh guys turning fire
okay it's dead a little bit directed by
created with Windows million credits